[docs] Add Deepseek Tutorial (#1427)
qdrant/landing_page: qdrant-landing/content/documentation/rag-deepseek.md

    ]
)
```

## Setup DeepSeek

RAG changes the way we interact with Large Language Models. We're converting a knowledge-oriented task, in which the model may create a counterfactual answer, into a language-oriented task. The latter expects the model to extract meaningful information and generate an answer. LLMs, when implemented correctly, are supposed to be carrying out language-oriented tasks.

The task starts with the original prompt sent by the user. The same prompt is then vectorized and used as a search query for the most relevant facts. Those facts are combined with the original prompt to build a longer prompt containing more information.

But let's start simply by asking our question directly.

```python
prompt = """
What tools should I need to use to build a web service using vector embeddings for search?
"""
```

Using the Deepseek API requires providing the API key. You can obtain it from the [DeepSeek platform](https://platform.deepseek.com/api_keys).

Now we can finally call the completion API.

```python
import requests
import json

> # Fill the environmental variable with your own Deepseek API key
> # See: https://platform.deepseek.com/api_keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Provide your own Deepseek API key
# from https://platform.deepseek.com/api_keys
```
